# Migration from Swift 2.3 to 3.0

I've read several articles on migrating to Swift 3 which are all quite good, but this is my story.  I started my iOS development back in January of 2016 and right around October everything turned upside down with the release of Swift 3.  Since I was furiously trying to get features into my app so I could go live on the App Store, I had put migration in the backlog for some time with a lower priority, if it ain't broke then don't fix it.  It wasn't until I wanted to leverage some external libraries that I decided Swift 2.3 was holding me back so it was time to upgrade.  I seem to remember that you can install different Swift compiler versions and reference it by changing symlinks or something, but I didn't want to hack up my development environment so the only way was to first upgrade Xcode 7.3 to 8.  Fortunately I have multiple Macs and can install different versions of Xcode to play around with, but my first experience with Xcode 8 after you open up a workspace/project is that you get this annoying pop up dialogue asking if you want to convert your code to Swift 3, there is an option to do this _later_, but if you click this, there's a follow up popup that asks if you're sure you want to do this later and reverses the order of the _later_ and _convert_ buttons, it's almost like those free p0rn sites in the olden days where they have these almost real looking hyperlinks, but when you click on them, they end up opening 50 tabs on your browser to different places, click bait or something along those lines, seemingly dishonest, but there's no material gain for Apple I'm guessing for this.  Prompting for conversion immediately smelled of some interface incompatibility issues with Swift 2.3, on the one hand it's nice that Apple's created a tool to help with migration, but that just scares the living bejesus out of me!  Another ensuing dialogue pops up if you click _convert_ asking which frameworks to include in the conversion.  For the record, I have been using Cocoapods and rely on quite a few external libraries:  [http://github.com/alamofire/alamofire][Alamofire], Crypto, Font-Awesome-Swift, KeychainSwift, Kingfisher, SwiftyJSON, and SwiftWebSocket.  By default, all of your pods are including and checked for conversion.  I typically take the defaults if I'm new to something, it's like when you're reading charles dickens for the first time, say great expectations and you find yourself checking the dictionary every 10 words and then you realize if you just skipped ahead, you'd probably get much more context from the next 20 words and take a pretty darn good guess at what the word means.
